At VTT, we have close to 200
in-house experts designing, –
developing and manufacturing
state-of-the-art microsystems –
using silicon-on-insulator (SOI) and
surface micromachining technologies.
At Micronova, we innovate
micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS), –
such as micromachined piezo-actuated
mirrors and ultrasound sensors, –
photonic integrated circuits (PIC) and
monolithic microwave integrated circuits, –
as well as custom CMOS,
post-CMOS services, –
and application specific
integrated circuits (ASIC).
We integrate these into functional
systems and products, –
serving customers from
different industry segments.